Add sealed secrets (#104)
getscaf/scaf: {{cookiecutter.project_slug}}/README.md

If React frontend was selected during the project creation
(using our [cookiecutter](https://github.com/sixfeetup/cookiecutter-sixiedjango)), you
can access it at [http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/).

## SealedSecrets for passwords and sensitive values

> SealedSecrets can be used to encode passwords in order for the values to be safely checked in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SealedSecrets can be used to encrypt passwords for the values to be safely checked in.
```

## SealedSecrets for passwords and sensitive values

SealedSecrets can be used to encrypt passwords for the values to be safely checked in.
To create a new secret encrypt the base64 encoded secrets using [kubeseal](https://github.com/bitnami-labs/sealed-secrets#kubeseal).  

> Configure kubernetes to your current project config and context, making sure you are in the correct prod/sandbox environment

Author: @rochecompaan how would prod and sandbox contexts be handled in the `.envrc` file?

> Configure kubernetes to your current project config and context, making sure you are in the correct prod/sandbox environment

Reviewer: Yes, that is a good point.

    $ export KUBECONFIG=~/.kube/config:~/.kube/{{cookiecutter.project_slug}}.ec2.config
    $ kubectl config use-context {{cookiecutter.project_slug}}-ec2-cluster 

You can store the secrets in 1Password and read the sensitive values to set it as enviroment variables:
(The 1Password path in .envrc must match the path in the vault)

>     $ make read-op-secrets

Reviewer: It is unclear what must be done.
```suggestion
To add a secret to your project, edit k8s/secrets.yaml.template and add a new secret e.g.:

    data:
       SECRET_NAME: ${SECRET_NAME}

Note that we use the ${VARIABLE} pattern for the secret value since we use `envsubst` to substitute the secret value when creating the secrets manifest.

Run `make prod-secrets` to generate the secrets manifets.

```

Add the secrets to your manifest using the secrets template file, and run kubeseal on the unencrypted values

>     $ make prod-secrets

Reviewer: What steps should be followed for sandbox secrets?
